asking the estate yes 41st self tour
triumph for ferrari and for
the association jean claude andruet doe
victorious here the 10 years after his
first success in 1972
the team appeals to the other winners
he especially has the people in charge of
the organization further expresses
a second of the test and new
French champion of rallies
jean luc thériault the pp did the
law at Cahors monday night their way and
seriously already clearing the lathe
self has taken its cruising pace
the renault 5 turbo of tergnier and is in
fight for second place with the
bmw m1 of darniche
the dandrious ferrari is leading two
minutes 13 seconds of advanced on
tergnier four minutes on dernis vida
fieri and his raw herson lancia from the 2nd
in 12th place
cursed to temper
chasseuil still a grandfather and the 4th despite
a puncture in a special since
art delayed by ignition trouble
they are sixty in this park
closed but this little boy has handsome
look he will not see a crush betrayed by
his gearbox nice habib out
court this is no longer the duration the
next day the garden of jean claude
Andruet
Warrior and the attack
we
there the hands of darniche hit hard
in the lot and the rouergue
she is second
the young man who rides does not have the
time to appreciate the landscape
quick quick
this is already there chasseuil he is not
over there his ferrari hit the car
an inquisitive viewer is
and the others the ungraded
ground
Oh
vals baths here we meet the
energies it rolls for renault the
men of art on the old
mechanic or musicians it's the same
we fignole we could put the suspensions already
the earth occupies all minds
not at all point to cut you off
the appetite is not it gentlemen terrier
will he break through account I still think
that we ride three minutes on jean todt
on earth I think when his referral
is a problem how much do you expect
to be able to resume at kilometer good I
do not know exactly because ferrari
on the earth it's still a small
little the unknown a little bit like neymar
it would be fun because beautiful
pictures as his sister of the earth are going
see what performance versus
to our car which we know is going very
well and I think the comparison is
interesting but when first
how when we have a few seconds
kilometer that night at the Mirabeau
ferrari is able to defend itself on
earth like a renault 5 finally the
could she can fight just
that aisne we have trials
of asphalt that these are cars that
all cars are prepared for
to be successful on the asphalt they
are not prepared to run on
bad roads completely
fucked up because in France we have
asphalt roads and we did
no roads that are getting worse that
are solid or at the level of the earth I
think jean claude to business
well in
and we got too late at the beginning of
race to disapprove for hazards
minors actually since there has been a
gasoline outage there has been this
guillotine that told us of a
big shot he had to look for the good
world of tires we did not know
Anyway, it's not with kobe ​​if
of a race he was operational from
after
he is in the shot the fairy of the times of
life he was more regular large
tarpaulins because of everything by cons I
think we 've been able to demonstrate
that we were competitive we were not
side of the plate the principles to
respect riom have found their account
that what such a fight it
there was the comeback I think that all the
world is happy then it's not
dishonoring finish second or third
darniche will not go much further
he will give up just before the appointment
you on the engine earth broken
but before he was the hero of the
night in the rouergue
darniche out of action
andreu and just have to be wary of the
terrier threat to prevent any
unpleasant surprise
they realize the feat in the four
paths 23 minutes 44 seconds new
record of the event is at the start of
course on earth in the pass of these
andrew fat and counts three minutes 29
seconds of advanced on terrier do your
games
andruet or terrier
no
baroud d'honneur for the purpose of asserting the
lancia will find here his land of
predilection
and it's immediately the fight
in druelle
perrier or
where where
then steelworks is the fastest
the burrows nibbles its delay to
30 seconds per pass
or
chatriot climbs to 4th place in the
wake of jean louis that the wheel
no
at the end of the tests on land andruet
has only one minute 13 seconds
advanced on terrier clar and 3rd to 21
minutes 18 seconds chatrier to
fourth as 21st
and disabled touraine on the end
fifth to 23 minutes 12
would you go for ferrari this is the
third victory in ten years
maybe the most beautiful
they will always be more than the most
best years when the township
cantons did not really spend in
anyway that he knows he was hard and
there was really a fight at the top
who was always a foreman who was
permanent and and of a very high standard
so we have all the more
satisfaction yes in second on arrival
for sure I am very surprised because
I thought to finish fifth she is
perhaps to come it is certain that
I am more than satisfied and I am
am well amused so what is it
the car that works well where these
last who read who finds a
second youth the accessible car
okay we really had no
problem on the earth with small spanking
sedan
so I think we do with having we have
makes a good choice for mechanics
it's already very important
jean-luc how old are you when I have a
old ie below